release: v1.58.0 (#6298)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_garypen_log_less_error_for_subgraph_batching.md

> ### If subgraph batching, do not log response data for notification failure ([PR #6150](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6150))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Don't log response data upon notification failure for subgraph batching ([PR #6150](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6150))
```

> A subgraph response may contain a lot of data and/or PII data.
> 
> For a subgraph batching operation, we should not log out the entire subgraph response when failing to notify a waiting batch participant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a subgraph batching operation, the router now doesn't log the entire subgraph response when failing to notify a waiting batch participant. This saves the router from logging the large amount of data (PII and/or non-PII data) that a subgraph response may contain.
```
